everybody Charlie walks piano and I know
everybody's been wanting to umm well I
said I was gonna show this 2013 cgt is
130 after my car tour of the GMC denali
and i never got to so I'm back in
Michigan today you can see the
grandfather's boat over here is over
here it's in south bay pontoon boat and
I'll do a video that looks we want to
come back because I won't have time I'll
also do a video of driving this see do
because I'm not going to be able to
drive it tonight time wise because I'm
leaving going back to Chicago no a while
so just do a quick video of the city the
2013 see you GT is 130 s c-130 I'm sorry
state again 2013 see you TTI se 130 x
barrier BRP i'll do a little walk around
a bit as you can with my galaxy s3's
camera call watch because i went to the
or anything it's pretty cool oops sorry
sorry it's got a break and reverse sorry
about the shaking I'm very sorry about
the shaking started to shake when it
zoomed in but start buttons this sorry
about the camera there's a start button
amat chef you can see it again I'm sorry
I have to put my hand over the camera
throttles over there this CD can go into
neutral and reverse it has a top speed
of 80 on the odometer in sport mode the
top speed full throttle would go 80
miles an hour full on full throttle
during sport mode during touring I think
it's 50 miles per hour and I never went
full throw oh yeah it's 50 jerk when
your uncle Donald I do it because I test
in it that was not because I was trying
to get entering and I went full throttle
with my father the first time we won't
go out for like five seconds two seconds
like 15 cool this is a little quick
video i'm gonna do a i'm gonna draw i'm
gonna do a video of me driving the sea
do with my waterproof camera my kodak
waterproof camera next week when we come
back for the fourth and I'm gonna have
an entire week to film everything so i
will have plenty of time also film if he
allows me i'll also film his nissan 350z
you might not let me but i'll try to
film his nissan 350z I took a ride in it
this morning with my father it was
pretty sweet
and very fun boat it's over here c is
over here and look at his lake get the
make so big and cool now we're going to
walk up so i forgot to button this this
is ready why'd you put the cover from
the sea to inside the boats so so it's
sorry this came off but Assad but
zippers broken came off show you we have
to get that fixed let's walk up to the
walk up back to the deck here's the see
you sometimes I go fishing over here
because this is a really good this is a
really good place to fish I love fishing
here sometimes i use my grandfather's
middle net and i can't catch minnows and
use them as bait to catch bigger fish at
bass where's the tube we can finally go
tour too big off my grandfather situ and
off of his boat grandfather used to have
a c2 XP but he sold it because it was
just a terrible thing it was i think i
believe we're like in 1997 c 2 XP but
broke down and it doesn't work anymore
he sold it for parts and he bought the
sea doo doo TI SE 130 and so far he's
loving it and we're loving it maybe my
father my dear father I love it no here
he is right now hi on yeah yes that's it
I'll be back next week's to fill them a
lot more so I guess something to say now
is I said hi